Data License for NextKB 1.0

The complete data in NextKB is available under the Creative Commons
Attribution 4.0 license. In addition to contributions from members of
Northwestern University's Qualitative Reasoning Group, this resource
relies on the following other resources:

       * OpenCyc KB contents, from Cycorp. Their heroic and persistent
efforts spanning decades have produced a clean ontology and ideas that
are extremely usable for the AI and Cognitive Science communities, and
we hope this resource increases interest in Cyc itself.

   * WordNet contents, from the Princeton WordNet project. This
project, started by the late George Miller, provides useful lexical
information that can be nicely combined with the others.  

* VerbNet
contents, from the University of Colorado VerbNet project.

* FrameNet contents, from the Berkeley FrameNet project. This project,
started by the late Charles Fillmore, provides a rich language-centric
view on semantics that we have been integrating with the OpenCyc
ontology.

We express our gratitude to those who contributed to the above
resources. We have filtered, transformed, and combined them, along
with making our own contributions, so errors and limitations may well
be introduced by us rather than by them. The QRG contributions include
the linkages between the four resources above, plus representations
that we have developed for qualitative, visual, spatial, and
analogical reasoning and learning.

Funding for the Qualitative Reasoning Group's work represented here
includes the National Science Foundation, via the Spatial Intelligence
and Learning Center, the Office of Naval Research, the Air Force
Office of Scientific Research, the Defense Advanced Projects Research
Agency, and IBM.

In academic papers where NextKB is used, we ask that you please cite
the following paper:

Forbus, K. & Hinrichs, T. (2017). Analogy and Qualitative
Representations in the Companion Cognitive Architecture. AI Magazine,
38(4):34-42.

To give credit to NextKB in software that uses it, please put this
text in a user-visible place:

This work includes data from NextKB, which was compiled by the
Qualitative Reasoning Group at Northwestern University. NextKB is
freely available under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 license
from http://qrg.northwestern.edu/nextkb/index.html. The included data
was created by contributors to the Qualitative Reasoning Group,
contributors to Cycorp's OpenCyc, University of California at
Berkeley's FrameNet project, the VerbNet project, and Princeton
University's WordNet project. For details of attributions, please see
http://www.qrg.northwestern.edu/nextkb/license.html
